Add notes about N+1 and data loaders around entities (#2311)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/entities.mdx

* A reference resolver is responsible for returning all of the entity fields that this subgraph defines.
    * In this example, the hypothetical `fetchProductByID` function fetches a particular `Product`'s field data based on its `id`.

> > ⚠️ **Reference resolvers _will_ be called more than once per query. It is crucial that they account for N+1 issues (e.g., via [data loaders](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader)). See [The N+1 problem](../entities-advanced#the-n1-problem) for more details.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **A particular reference resolver might be called _many_ times to resolve a single query!** It is crucial that reference resolvers account for "N+1" issues (e.g., via [data loaders](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader)). For details, see [Handling the N+1 problem](../entities-advanced#handling-the-n1-problem).
```

> > ⚠️ **A particular reference resolver might be called _many_ times to resolve a single query!** It is crucial that reference resolvers account for "N+1" issues (e.g., via [data loaders](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader)). For details, see [Handling the N+1 problem](../entities-advanced#handling-the-n1-problem).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **A particular reference resolver might be called _many_ times to resolve a single query!** It is crucial that reference resolvers account for "N+1" issues (e.g., via [data loaders](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader)). For details, see [Handling the N+1 problem](./entities-advanced#handling-the-n1-problem).
```
